You feel ashamed. you feel ashamed.
That you the business closes.
Will you close now everything all at once?
Do from where you come?
What is your part?
They speak no English.
We let help they.
To above?
Here we go then.
Come. I have you.
Come but.
Goes it with you?
Can you the seeing?
I talk with you live from the ABC
headquarters...
Just outside the olympic
Stadium in Munchen. Westerly Germany.
The peace became tonight at five o'clock
good disturbed...
It is unclear how many men
there murdered and taken hostage be...
It appears on it that the 'Black September'...
A to pieces paper from the window have
Gegooid with their requirements on it.
They want that there 200 Arabs
Are released.
It being all political caught.
Otherwise the hostages become murders.
The terrorists want the revolution
Bring by one.
This is building 31. on this moment...
Become eight or nine men
Caught held.
And the requirements...
Perhaps you hear it now.
This must be... one of the men
With a mask on its head.
What goes around there in its head?
Just there one has of the many
Negotiations place found.
The representative of the group
came to outside...
What said and went back again to in.
It resembles talk and put satisfied.
This means not that it all past is.
Come us get.
As Godfather Jennings indicated already.
The Duiste will encamp
through complicated laws...
May not participate at this action.
And there see you an athlete that a
pile up fixed holds...
Where obviously a
Machine gun in stretch.
Godfather Jennings is now there
Do godfather. what you see now?
Jim. There are now many
I think well a dozen...
Of that protections functionaries
Seize with an athletisch.
We warned they
we said...
What there will happen as they something try.
Thus I think. that we do must the.
It is but a show...
It is to be let see... only the world
That they know how they must
Think and organize.
Go with they talk. say they that she away...
Must go and that there
Otherwise something lifted very.
It resembles there now that the apartment...
Building where the hostages
become held...
With rest is let.
And the German police leave the territory.
It appears on it that they of theirs 's plan
renounced...
When the leader came from the building
And demanded that they stopped their attack.
What on it appears that the whole event on
Television was followed in the apartment.
There are seeming new requirements stolen
The hostages to let go.
It is however not yet known where
And when this will happen.
This is Godfather. Can you report where you are?
Yes of course. Godfather.
This is a live reportage from Munich.
Suddenly in the whole territory between
building 20 and building... 12
... Within five minutes.
What I of from this hear. is that
they on way its to an airport...
Named Fersten Feldbach.
Since the helicopter has been landed just
behind the Olympic Town here...
Can your hole 7 see.
This is Vince Coldick.
What I have well saw be
four hostages in one helicopter...
And five took hostage in the first helicopter.
Yes. I am neat returned
and it was clear that...
Was it absolutely something seriously at the hand.
Outside the hole. there are army vehicle
police-car... ' s
And here they come all.
Five. six... and yet one...
Seven army vehicle its now through
The hole off.
This is an enormous invasion.
The last news of the airport...
Is that that broken loose is the hell.
We learnt that all
Nine hostages safe are.
I repeat. have been affirmed it
At one o'clock nights.
We have there at least 24
to in see go...
That was a terrible fight
on the airport. but the hostages...
Are safe on one or other manner.
And according to the messages its all Arabic...
Terrorists died
During the fire fight.
Who goes the families inform?
Then someone must tell the they.
All young men have their money
at the war spent...
Now they have the chance the nations
Together to bring.
And these nations are naturally comparable.
The Arabs and the Isaëlieten are
Comparable. insofar as I see can.
And now. as you say. Godfather. are she
defenses from each other torn...
While they neat defense to each other
Closed begun to grow.
I heard just the last news.
As my father said... always
Our largest hope is our most awful fear.
And our most awful fear is tonight
Realities become.
There now is said that there eleven hostages...
Two of that are yesterday in their
rooms murdered...
Bow of them are tonight by
The airports died.
They are all dead.
For a crowd of 80.000 men...
Became after the ceremony for the eyes
of the survivors...
The boxes of theirs 's died comrades
On the airplane gezet to Berlin.
An enormous crowd gathered
also in Disney World Street...
And also in Jerusalem.
Men cry. pull their clothing
at to pieces...
The funerals. which tomorrow
held become...
In Jerusalem will fixed tremendously many
Mourning pull.
This are the names of the members of it
Israeli Olympic team...
That had been taken hostage. thrashed and...
Finally murdered through
Arabic terrorists.
I tried not at you to
Think. but that succeeded not.
I have the dullest job of the whole world.
What must there at the same time me happen then?
Now. they were usual athleten that to
the Olympic Games went...
View to what it with them is happened.
What now?
Now we will get a child.
Eleven names...
This is the order and then we begin.
This is the same as an Eichman.
They thought: you want not... the world
Divide with us. divide then
We also not with you.
Does this fall good to talk. yet?
Again attacked and family.
The rest of the world plays games
Olympic torture...
And dead person Jews in Germany.
And it can differ nobody what.
We reacted on it.
We have seventy-five...
... Let train.
That is a reaction.
Nobody has in the holes what
There in the world lifted.
Minimally sixty Arabs dead
Who knowledge how much there wounded be.
This goes the attention of the world
Included to get.
It is not only a publicities stunt.
Me want to remind... you to it
He has invented 'Black September'.
He is the architect of the murders
From Munich.
These men...
They want to destroy us.
Forgets the peace now...
We must they let see that we want to be.
There its laws. the civilization.
Some men find that we us...
Cannot permit
civilised to be...
Such men I have always gehaat.
But I know not who that maniakken
Be they come from here.
Palestinians?
That are not recognizably.
Tell you me which law these
Men protected.
Today I hear with new ears.
More sorrowful civilization finds it necessarily
comprissen to close...
With their own landlords.
I took a decision.
I take the complete responsibility.
We go to Jerusalem.
Get in.
Come up. gentleman.
Hellos. I am General Zamir.
Yes. I saw you.
My unit. when I came at your side.
- I cannot me you remind.
I know your father naturally well.
It is... - Two years ago
Since I worked for you.
I know it.
Go please sit.
He makes the good. thank you.
Coffee?
Delightfully you again to see.
Will sit.
So much important men here
This is clear important.
That is so. What there in Munich happened
Is. changes everything.
We want to ask you a
Mission on to take.
An important mission.
You will must leave the country
And also your family.
Perhaps well for years.
And it is dangerous.
You may talk there at the same time nobody over.
Even not with your woman.
Now you hear something to say.
Have you ask?
Thus this do not goes over tourists
Guard on the Yard Already flee?
No questions?
Have we already said how dangerously it is?
My sister is Tuesday died.
- Oh. that I knew not.
Cancer. I could not to the funerals
Of the athleten because she was died.
Men were of region. but
They was my sister.
Family-problems.
Your woman is pregnant.
Yes. seven months.
- Mazzel tov.
You was one of my favorite body-guards.
I love neat. doorgrondbare men.
You want gladly the son of a hero
You off have.
The truth must be said
You resemble not your father.
No?
You resemble talking your mother.
Tomorrow morning...
If you cannot within one day
You do not decide. can decide.
Her sister is died...
But I think that they not to the
funerals of the athleten is gone...
Because some men are... angry on her
Because they not with the terrorists
Has negotiated.
She is not gone because she fearfully was that
Men her would attack.
It is a good sign that you
No questions have stolen.
You will say yes.
I am your officer.
I am called Efram.
How long you must be pregnant
Have if we may no sex more?
Until at the delivery.
You make see to about that only no over
You will not be there really.
Or well sometimes?
What they also want. take care for it
That your raise gets.
I have things for the baby necessarily.
I cannot refuse this.
Your mother. she knew did what she.
She has let... you in the stab
- That has not they done.
My father had been missed. he
Sat in the prison.
She had been overwhelmed...
- Tuurlijk.
Sorrow roes would have done that.
Yes. thus they you have taken
And in the stab let.
And now think you that Israel your mother is.
Thus splendor...
I am it here with once
until they do not do... it
Do you understand me?
- I you love.
I am not the amusing woman of the hero.
Firstly your discharge take.
Your new contract...
It state that we you not in service take...
No secondaire conditions.
It is a contract because there
A contract must be.
Do I get a copy?
- No. that you do not get.
Your contribution-teruggave.
You are now official onofficieel.
Unemployed and onverzekerd.
You will have two post buses by
the Union Bank of Switzerland...
In Geneve in Rue the Commerce.
The funds in one postbus
Your salary in the others.
That you may want to take up as you
Mission has been succeeded.
You open also for all your men
A postbus for their salary.
How many men have I...
- In the fondsenpostbus...
Dumps we 250.000 American Dollars.
What you eruithaalt. we pour back.
I want well coupons.
You do not work works for Warchild. you
For Israel. A small country.
Old sore... Eén month in the Ukraine
And I trust she no longer.
I am born in Israel.
Your woman receives every month
1000 dollars on her bank account.
We let in inform also behind
The fondsenpostbus.
And you can inform leave behind for us.
Only there no messages ought to be.
That cannot differ me.
Bring coupons for me.
Understood?
- Understood.
What you also does. someone else
Pays for it.
We have took... eleven Palestinian
They have to make all what
With what there happened is in Munich.
You will murder they.
Eleven man...
One furrow one.
They are all in Europe now.
You remain is that meanwhile necessary.
Only in Europe. not in
the Arabic countries...
That are not for us. for you.
And not in the eastern bloc.
Then the Russians of region hit.
That have not we necessarily.
You will have no contact with us.
Will you give myself totally no information?
We pour money from a fund that
do not exists...
In an unknown postbus by a...
Bank which we yet never
From heard have.
We cannot help you. because
We yet of you heard have never.
You do do what the terrorists.
Think you that they self each turn report?
That do not do she.
We want to have they dead.
There is nothing better then something sweet
Eat by the sea.
You may ask put now.
Am - I alone?
Four others.
They know compete useful. as
cars. documents...
They clear to verify behind you
That your passport next to the body do not lies.
You are the team leader.
Who murders the targets?
- You. who else?
Use weapons. or rather bang.
Eén of your men know of that much.
Sorrow roes must in the paper read that
A notorious Arabic terrorist kill is.
Who blown knowledge who him up has?
Why I?
- What is there then wrong with you?
I have not been specialized in this.
Thus I am not normal.
Even I do not know yourself.
And I am am in Frankfurt opgegroeid. thus I
A Jew that the way knows in Europe.
That is a good reason.
Here there is yet one.
You look forward there normal.
You are not badly.
Surely.
That know I.
I know so much over you.
You are nice with a dog
And a baby on coming.
You will no Spanish baggage-boys
shoot down...
No baggage-boys. no cameras.
That problems cannot we us
Permit.
The most difficult is not they to find.
Some are conceals really not so good.
The difficult has not been taken to become
Or murdered to become.
Do you want the last stiff baklava?
- No.
Clever decision.
You must avoid candy.
You have given up your dentist insurance.
Here your pilot speaks.
Flee welcome on board of these
Direction Geneve.
We fly on this moment on 50.000 foot.
Pressure on the button as you manage are.
Pleasant day.
- You Thank well.
I did never yet at extremism.
- I am not it good in.
A team leader that boils what a fancy.
Years in the kitchen worked.
Have you done this ever?
- What?
Will sit.
For I am ten minutes ago
begun. and...
I want to murder all these dopes.
Have your training in these...
Here in Frankfurt. it is a front
Only well successful.
I am a documents and
Identities specialist.
With a sharp eye for early
Danish fashion.
And you?
I make toys.
I thought that you bang made.
- No. toys in Brussels.
For the bombs. I must have to
The evening school.
My woman is in the expectation.
- Mazzel Tov.
Must when they give birth?
Over a few months.
Think you that we then all ready are?
Must we take Salam only?
Is that a joke certain?
We must have the fellow from
Do munich take. yet?
It is strangely yourself to
As a murderer see.
Yourself see then as something else.
A soldier in a war.
I mean. you know really how you
men must shoot down...
Murder. yet?
Congratulated with your baby.
That is tremendous. hear.
But you make dolls in a
Toys affair?
You shop for banks.
You. I do not know does what you.
- I? I want to see to me.
Why are you then team leader?
Because I boil can good.
Adam.
- Andreas.
Surprised?
Surprised? You have hit me
You have broken my jaw.
That was ten years ago and you
Did it with my friend.
Listen. I am in the city.
Are you in the neighborhood?
Yes. I am here at the same time my friend.
Do you want come by? - Perfectly.
Must with good and bad as
Do ethical questions see?
That is the problem.
Marcuse says that Hegel's
philosophy of 'well'...
No moral category
Summons of 'badly'.
Freedom means automatically badly.
That writes Marx. The blind
Anarchy of capitalism.
You must be ready round good and
Badly against each other off to weigh.
For actual that terms mean only
A dreadful fight. divide of an optelling.
Is tremendous she. hè?
I have no idea about which they has it.
Are thus you Baader-Meinhof?
Reason Army Fraction. or what?
At least.
Do you not read many. hè?
For that I have no time for.
What do you do then?
I work Americas for what.
Rich Americas. yet?
Yvonne. I think that Avner with you
To bed wants.
I miss you. man.
Previously we of each other held.
That is long ago.
When we sat yet on school.
That is 60.000 dollars.
I have what names from
men that I must...
Seek for my rich
American friends.
Me give my money. Yvonne.
Hundred fifty.
- Hundred. cash.
Hundred thousand dollars.
That men that I seek
You do not know.
Find you it awful?
- No.
Only perhaps you know knows someone that she.
Do you work for Americas?
Yes. Do you see?
I want to ask the at what friends.
Go into hiding?
The Arabs do not go into hiding.
Munich was a large success for them.
They have the attention of everybody.
They accept new men
make plan...
Me give a few names.
I cannot help you as I not knowledge
Who you to find tries.
You will must trust me.
You must trust me.
I trust you.
You do not walk with money and talk.
These days everybody talk.
As your friend Andreas.
Name there a few.
Forgotten Salam. that is too difficult.
- About which?
Are who that guests?
Why are they on missing to Arabs?
Sixty thousand per name.
Dollars.
If the good information is.
If it is not good. costs it nothing.
Eén of them is here. in Rome.
He has just 'Arabian Nights' in it
Italians translated.
Tomorrow there is a lecture.
He is broke. He has a cousin that
He every day rings in Damascus.
Do you want by the PLO?
We must talk. only.
And perhaps your men necessarily that have
You help with your work.
Cars. buses.
Do not listen. trust him. okay.
I heard that he dangerously is.
Go. I want not that you wounded hit.
Wounded. about which?
If you here at the same time someone over talk...
I do not know it.
Do not do it normally.
Do you have somewhat necessarily?
We see to for it.
I have coupons necessarily.
What me attracts till it
Scheherazade-story.
What you in the west
'The Arabian Nights' name.
Now. I am no Arab.
I am a Palestinian.
And why a Palestinian poet has
years worked...
At the translation of '1001 Arabian Nights'
Of Arabic to Italian?
Next to the expectations of the
Realms. I mean.
I hold of it how these more conventionally tells
over the power from above...
The relation between above and survival.
Thanks for the coming.
You know be why we here?
He has said already yes.
What do we do?
What must I do?
You know be why we here?
What is there happened?
Why have you not shot down him?
We shot well.
- About which have I then nothing heard?
We shot much.
Is - he dead?
What drink wine.
We have what to celebrate.
That old story.
The Angels celebrate celebration because the
Egyptians their duty have satisfied.
I meant it not so.
And God asked on the Angels:
Why do your celebrations celebrate?
It has so round and near the
352.000 dollars gekost.
You have not finished the story.
The Angels react to God.
They said that they celebration celebrating
were. because...
If they men what hear there
with the Egyptians is happened...
Will they you get.
What do you mean?
Do not breed with the Jews.
I do not know of you
But I celebrate nothing.
Put down that. the eddy set.
Get up.
- No. please.
Dance with me. dance with me.
Come up.
This is... how will I yourself today name?
You may name me Louis.
Is the service good?
It is well prijzig.
A Jew and a frenchman we
Can always affairs do.
I am no Jew.
What think you that 'Ramsom' is?
But garlic is good.
My father has not always
Through which season it is.
I want to eat nothing over.
Why do he want to do me booschappen?
You ask yourself finished as I of the
Am french police?
C. I. A. or the K. G. B.
Or an agent that waardevolle
Information has.
That can be everybody.
You can be also everybody.
Indentiteit that is is the dullest what there.
Here something is not is serge.
Do not wait... as long as you on the authorities
- I work business.
Each American. I have also
An own business. my family.
We can find... almost everybody
For everybody. everywhere.
We are also not saintly.
We love everybody
And we hate everybody.
I get in disarray.
If you do not work for the authorities.
We know find what we. and what we
Find not am not paid.
The intention of the hijackers
is the Lufthansa...
To the airport from
Munchen to bring...
And the three prisoners take along
To the end of the landings job.
When Captain Klausen its airplane took...
When an Arab a bomb
Against its head held.
Hé.
A Lufthansa airplane had been hijacked.
The hijackers demanded they three murderers
free let. if they survive... want Munich
And the Germans said at the same time yes.
The Arabs become per
Private airplanes flown to Zagreb.
They are now free.
They are in Libië.
You must see they
It being neat movie stars.
You have one of the Israelische
Shot hostages down?
It is not considerably to
As I tell shot have there one.
Make they only dead.
We do not go to the Arabic countries.
We remain by the names that
We gotten have.
Mamut Hamsri.
If you back now you think look
Does that you something reach have?
In operation Munich.
We have the world our
Votes let hear.
We have let hear our votes
In the universe of the world.
What for that reason was never.
What he that meant that is the world
Us now will go hear.
We are for 24 year the largest
refugees population...
Our houses are taken away
life in contend...
No future and no food.
Nothing normal for our children.
Was the attack in Munich a fight?
Say your paper that but.
24 year long we are attacked
Through the Israelieten. - She... Tell
The years from now that it bleed Palestinian
Through the Israel become demanded.
Does and who look at us?
Know you that Israel two flights contend
Has bombarded. Syria and Lebanon.
Two hundred men are kill gone there.
They did to Munich at the same time.
- It is not in Munich begun.
And where hold the on?
How it will stop ever.
To my regret. but I must ring even editor.
Yes. sorry.
It is by the window.
Hello.
We do not know what this man
Speciefiek done has.
I know certainly that he a few year ago
The attacks in Copenhagen regulated has.
And now he regulated it in France.
Regulated he?
- Yes.
Have they your proof furnished?
Proof? They have me the story
Told and believe I she.
Why do you not believe it?
It is a crisis. is war it
it is not always necessary...
Would you think?
- Yes tuurlijk think I that.
You want tipped a telephone for proof.
Show the but. you stands there well only.
It is ready.
- Well.
Do not think there over.
If I the at move...
And he picks up the horn
Goes there a red paralyzed fires.
And then I set the key in it.
And then I turn it.
And now we wait for the red light.
Blokkeerd the truck the signal?
- No.
Works that distance administration of the last sacraments yet?
Yes.
- Go back on you place.
You cannot go improvise now.
Go back on to your corner.
It goes well works.
Hello.
Stopper.
Stop. stopper.
Do we go further ofniet?
I speak with Mamut Hamsri.
- Yes.
He lies in the hospital.
We do not know hold is he to it closed.
Why you have a small bomb
Done in that telephone?
Because I do not blow up wanted the whole building.
What do you want now of me?
Yet a two hundred thousand not less...
Round target two to murder.
- He has been eliminated.
We must remain usual by pistols.
Nobody of us is a shooter.
Bombs take at the same time two targets.
They eliminate the target and she
The terrorists make fearfully.
He do not know works as that
But the bombs work well.
Lunch?
The Israelische embassy in London
was hit by a bombrief...
About nine hour this morning.
Doctor Amish Shahori made its post
open then the letter exploded...
That him raise dead made.
They have seven found others...
Giving in the mail room
Of the embassy.
I think that they there one missed.
There was many post and were they
A little bit recklessly.
They found also other letters.
In Israel. Canada. Argentina. Venice...
Paris. Brussels.
Thousand. they were
Sent from the Netherlands.
It is all 'Black September'.
Then one is answer.
To Hamsri
They talk against us.
Where am you?
I am in New York.
I am an indication examining.
I call back yourself well.
Do you go on visit at your father?
Why does it last meanwhile?
It is not fast.
We have the best hospital
In whole the world.
When you you born was became
Father somewhere else.
I was only.
He sat in the prison.
You must not be here.
Do you have no service?
What do you want do then?
Do me indicate?
How does it go with him?
I do not go so often at your father on visit.
I must be by her in the neighborhood.
I get depressed of her.
How does it go with you?
It goes well.
You make only not busily me.
I am does in spite of on what you.
You do not know do what I.
I look to you and I know what I must know.
She is really ugly.
She resembles you.
I want that you know that I a
Spot regulated in Brooklyn for us.
I cannot come back to Israel
And I do not know for how long.
New York?
Then can more of you see.
- New York City.
But I have my family here
And you parents.
Want you that my parents her helps bring up?
What want to have done they with me.
Want you not that your daughter in Israel remains.
She is in Israel always.
In Brooklyn. she is again a dakloze Jew.
I cannot do do what I
If I do not see can yourself.
What do you do then?
Do not do it then this is our home.
You are had have the only at home that I.
What?
This is so cliché.
It is not easily for me to say.
I know it.
Me laugh at then not.
Why you must have with a
Sentimental persons get married.
You are live me.
- Your mother is me troubling.
You must see that fellow.
Must you that see.
He think that he home is.
That are all russen.
That is him.
Cover signal Alabatsir.
Its room sit precisely next to a
Level married Israelisch put.
They are gotten married in Cyprus
Because he is no Jewish.
A mixed marriage.
Ok. but we do not let blow up they.
The K. G. B. brings him always s' nights home.
He makes it lightly on
Removes its clothes.
Makes the lightly from and goes in bed lie...
And we blow up the bed.
An agent had to be own fearfully in
bed to sleep...
Thus each night slept
He on the ground in its cupboard.
He does it still each night.
If he in the cupboard sleeps then
We have a problem.
Only as he in bed goes
its weight on the mechanism...
Makes then connection...
Then we take the distance administration of the last sacraments.
Ok. it is good.
We let go.
Munich 2006 through Joined Releases
I looked in the room here near.
Why?
There are balconies.
When he goes... in bed
I spend to make a signal the lightly.
And as the bomb stronger is
For you sit next to this.
There nothing will happen.
Yet?
Robert.
- Robert.
There nothing will happen.
- Ok.
Avner.
A boy or a girl?
A girl.
Have measles Tov.
Message from Paris. Doktor
Hamsari is passed away...
On its verwondigen.
Thus again.
Have measles Tov.
Stern your head hold.
Hé.
Good evening.
Beautiful lighting?
Yes it is a beautiful lighting.
Do from where you come?
- Dusseldorf.
Yes?
I would not have guessed that.
I thought perhaps that your Swedish was.
I thought in Sweden.
Really where?
The learning of Libanese how
They live must clean.
In the Swedish.
Was you here last night?
No.
I am neat checked in.
Just arrived.
Go ups and downs of plan to not to sleep?
They continue the whole night.
Yes.
Hours.
A sleeping pill take.
- I can there well through temples.
Do you know it certainly?
Do you not want a few of me?
- Do No hear. it is already good.
Really where?
- Yes.
Welterusten.
Dream well.
Watch on the signal.
Wait until Avner are lift out does.
Go. Go. Go.
My God.
I can see nothing.
Someone can help me please.
Avner.
My God.
I can see nothing.
Can you see?
The stair is that side on.
It was too powerful.
You wanted to go dead.
There was no doubt possible.
He was in the lobby.
He wanted to go dead.
That had not been ordered had what I.
Lemand has rumbled just the bomb.
Someone has bang rumbled with.
Avner.
Has Louis the explosieven regulated?
Yes. what do you mean?
- About which trust him.
We have no idea who he is.
He find our targets.
- Yes. but...
Without him. we are nowhere.
The C4 was more powerfully than I asked had.
Someone has changed the sticker.
It wanted to can kill you.
Insofar as we Louis work for the PLO.
They use us for
The internal cleaning.
Bullshit.
- Hé.
Is whose these fishermen boat?
Louis has the regular.
There had to miss nothing with the explosieven.
Bomb makers are always nervous
What I can understand.
Fear let she...
- There nothing is miss with my bomb maker.
It being you explosieven.
We have yet three names
For you found.
Three.
- Yes. three.
Thought that you are will satisfied.
- I Am also.
Who?
Kimar Mahratwan. Kimar Nassir
Nabil Youssouf.
Mahratwan and Nabil Youssouf.
Where?
- Lebanon.
They are in Beirut.
Mahratwan and Nabil Youssouf.
Serious types.
Extreme seriously.
Laugh it is second christmas.
I would want to pay... for this well a little extra
For these three names.
Six hundred thousand.
My groups we have not it they
With governments.
No single.
We do not work together or for she.
That are the conditions
Of my theoriën.
You understand.
If I behind it come that you generosity...
An attempt is our
information to divide with the...
CIA. SPARROWS 6 or the Mosat.
I do not work for the CIA.
- You have no idea for who you work...
Me believe have you no idea.
Treachery me. and you will the feel sorry.
We let will drink what.
- Your money Save.
With such prices you will have it necessarily.
It is clear important information.
How he can be number three of
Your whole Palestinian network?
Your Arafat. Perez. and then he.
Tuurlijk is he important.
He is the brain of the Middle-East.
- I know who he is.
Area next to Sadam.
Is Avner not the onlyest. yet?
All developments and follows
In the west. yet?
We get the most important.
This are important affairs.
We must have to Beirut.
- No.
We remain from the Arabic countries.
The Mosat and the army regulate that.
What is this?
Fragments?
You cannot steer the army.
They will not let that closed.
He will not permit it.
Our source know not that we Mossat are.
- You are also no Mossat.
If it go commandos to Beirut
Then that is not our source cheerfully with.
Why we do not go over talk about that just
During a walk. Alone.
The food become hardly then.
- We must to Beirut go.
This is our information and is our tough job this.
That is quite moving. On a
Childish manner then.
Listen. you do it reasonably good.
- Reasonably?
You give a hope count out. but that had
We also expects.
A lot of men
know... within the Mossat
Nothing of you.
Nobody know it. Thus
everybody wonders...
Who all that men is murdering.
Are it our men?
Why do we of nothing know?
Large egos. and all scream they.
I can have there perhaps one or two of you
by use...
... But the Mossat do not shut out succeeds.
Accept it normally.
- That do we.
But our source not.
- Who is your source?
It is time that you me that told. That is
Besides no request. but an order.
You can give him no orders.
He do not works for you.
Hold your mouth. I pay work you. you for me.
I work for a metal
box in a bank in
Geneve. The box pays me.
Want you that the empty remains?
- I want that you us our work want to do.
What is there really with you?
With you all? Adult become do. and
One bit fast.
What is this? A game?
Who is the source? Does whose the information come?
Me give damn well its number.
I hope that the neighbor
It of enjoyments has.
She is a little bit deaf. but I doubt there
Not at that they you heard has.
Me give the source. and then you may join.
Let us to Beirut go...
... to Beirut. we use our source the
Other targets to find.
Let us our work do.
That are a hope men. Round three guests
Down to shoot.
Where is he damn well?
Come up.
It is him.
Do not shoot. No.
My father would meet you gladly.
- Your father?
My father.
He is the leader of our group.
I thought that you that was.
Sorrow roes works well for someone.
I was not in Beirut.
There was well someone.
The Israelische encamp according to each paper
In the world.
But you stayed away. After you had so liberally
Paid for all information.
I do not love there my father
To let wait.
I must have my men
Tell where I depart.
You do not know departs where you.
And you will must carry this.
Forgets the but Louis.
- We are clearly here. Ride only.
Watch.
We are there.
There he is.
Louis says that you a cook are.
- I know how I must boil yes.
Do you want help me?
Set them to me these there down.
No. do not wash. No.
Then they will taste as a sponge.
But why they must have in the
Kitchen sink then?
Now. if the juice eruitspuit
Become one troop.
And then the whole kitchen reek of piss piss piss piss.
Get the fat off as you want.
Let your hands once see.
Too large for a good cook.
That was also my problem.
I would be a meesterkok. but I have dikke
Butchers hands neat as you.
We are tragic men...
... Butchers hands and tender souls.
Are not they too hard to eat?
Peels and inprikken. Then boil in sugar.
A little bit torture and will see you
How fine they taste.
Me name only dad.
That cannot do I.
No?
- I already a dad have.
Are you attached at him?
I am happened is for this reason what there in Beirut?
Your father will be well in spite of on its son.
We will pick there a few. and the rest
let ripen and...
There its so much mouths to feed. but...
But they are family. must thus you
They to eat give.
Yes.